Relation mode docs (#4000)
prisma/docs: content/200-concepts/100-components/01-prisma-schema/06-relations/420-relation-mode.mdx

}
```

<Admonition type="warning">

If you switch between relation modes, Prisma will add or remove foreign keys to your database next time you apply changes to your schema with Prisma Migrate or `db push`. See [Switch between relation modes](#switch-between-relation-modes) for more information.

</Admonition>

<!-- TODO: mention preview feature + version info in intro -->

## Handle relations in your relational database with the <inlineCode>foreignKeys</inlineCode> relation mode

The `foreignKeys` relation mode handles relations in your relational database using foreign keys. This is the default option when you use a relational database connector (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, SQL Server, CockroachDB).

The `foreignKeys` relation mode is not available when you use the MongoDB connector. Some relational databases, [such as PlanetScale](/guides/database/using-prisma-with-planetscale#how-to-emulate-referential-integrity-in-prisma-client), also forbid the use of foreign keys. In these cases, you should instead [emulate relations in Prisma with the `prisma` relation mode](#emulate-relations-in-prisma-with-the-prisma-relation-mode).

### Referential integrity

> The `foreignKeys` relation mode enforces referential integrity checks at the database level. This means that when you _create_ or _update_ a record with a relation to another record, the related record needs to exist. If the record does not exist, the database will return an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `foreignKeys` relation mode enforces foreign key constraints at the database level. This means that when you _create_ or _update_ a record with a relation to another record, the related record needs to exist. If the record does not exist, the database will return an error message.
```
